posts/Seventhteen-blog-post.md, before:

---
title: Week 8 (Thurs) Homework
published_at: 2025-05-10
snippet: This is homework 8b.
disable_html_sanitization: true
allow_math: true
---

[Home](https://cclanchublo6.deno.dev/)

# Table Of Contents:

1. [Task 1](#task-1)
2. [Task 2](#task-2)
   - [UX/UI Community](#uxui-community)
     - [Domain](#domain)
     - [Repertoire](#repertoire)
     - [Values](#values)
   - [Front-end Community](#front-end-community)
     - [Domain](#domain-1)
     - [Repertoire](#repertoire-1)
     - [Values](#values-1)
   - [Creative Coding Community](#creative-coding-community)
     - [Domain](#domain-2)
     - [Repertoire](#repertoire-2)
     - [Values](#values-2)
3. [Task 3](#task-3)

# Task 1:

Here's the video for task 1:

<iframe 
    id="strudel" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/fBIFgN9v0LI"
    title="YouTube video player" 
    frameborder="0" 
    width="100%"
    height="400"
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

<script type="module">
    const iframe = document.getElementById('strudel')
    const updateDimensions = () => {
        iframe.width = iframe.parentNode.scrollWidth
        iframe.height = iframe.width * 9 / 16
    }
    
    updateDimensions()
    window.addEventListener('resize', updateDimensions)
</script>

# Task 2:

If I am going to be real with you there is no specific thing that I found the most interesting. The most specificially interesting thing/fun thing to do within the above video is experiementing on the fly with different instruments within flok.cc.

# Live Coding Community:

## Domain:

Well I guess things are **live** so, the community's shared interest would be any performative, abstract that allows performers to combine, experiement, and perform visuals and sound through algorithms. Their shared interest would be any "library" and or online shared resource that allows people to learn/pick up code on their own.

## Repertoire:

### Tools:

- Strudel.cc
- Hydra
- Flok.cc
- FoxDot / TidalCycles / Sonic Pi
- OBS, VJ tools, Projection Mapping Software

### Languages:

- Syntax tailor specifically to the coding "platform".
- short, Time-orientated words.

### Workflows:

- Live looping and raw code in front of ppl.
- Collaborative coding sessions with other ppl.

## Values:

I guess the community values collaborative coding jam sessions, where errors, flaws are transparent to the audience and listeners. I guess this community is very collabrative with each other.

**In what ways do cultural performance practices like music, theatre, and art relate to young people's intrinsic motivations for learning, the methods and structures of teaching and learning, discourse/public debate, and legislation?**

I am sorry a head of time, if my blog is a bit disjointed, I am not very articulate and concise when I am yapping on my blog.

# Motivations:

So speaking from a personal prespective and a woman who has come from a private girls school, where grades were very important. I feel like the environment and culture in which the "young person" is brought up in, very much impacts their _"work ethic"_ in professional work.

So as both an Chinese Australian and a cis-gendered woman. I've heard that students in education in China are _"forced"_ to be achieve great academic heights. That's why the saying "asian tiger parents" are a thing. But due to this _"asian academic pressure"_, I feel like Chinese young immigrants' "intrinsic motivations for learning" are lowkey based of the expectations or rebelling against the expectation of their parents.

**What are the key connections and implications in each of these areas, and why are they significant?**

[Top ⬆︎](#)

Commit message:

Update, so much for being productive.

posts/Seventhteen-blog-post.md, after:

---
title: Week 8 (Thurs) Homework
published_at: 2025-05-10
snippet: This is homework 8b.
disable_html_sanitization: true
allow_math: true
---

[Home](https://cclanchublo6.deno.dev/)

# Table Of Contents:

1. [Task 1](#task-1)
2. [Task 2](#task-2)
   - [UX/UI Community](#uxui-community)
     - [Domain](#domain)
     - [Repertoire](#repertoire)
     - [Values](#values)
   - [Front-end Community](#front-end-community)
     - [Domain](#domain-1)
     - [Repertoire](#repertoire-1)
     - [Values](#values-1)
   - [Creative Coding Community](#creative-coding-community)
     - [Domain](#domain-2)
     - [Repertoire](#repertoire-2)
     - [Values](#values-2)
3. [Task 3](#task-3)

# Task 1:

Here's the video for task 1:

<iframe 
    id="strudel" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/fBIFgN9v0LI"
    title="YouTube video player" 
    frameborder="0" 
    width="100%"
    height="400"
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

<script type="module">
    const iframe = document.getElementById('strudel')
    const updateDimensions = () => {
        iframe.width = iframe.parentNode.scrollWidth
        iframe.height = iframe.width * 9 / 16
    }
    
    updateDimensions()
    window.addEventListener('resize', updateDimensions)
</script>

# Task 2:

If I am going to be real with you there is no specific thing that I found the most interesting. The most specificially interesting thing/fun thing to do within the above video is experiementing on the fly with different instruments within flok.cc.

# Live Coding Community:

## Domain:

Well I guess things are **live** so, the community's shared interest would be any performative, abstract that allows performers to combine, experiement, and perform visuals and sound through algorithms. Their shared interest would be any "library" and or online shared resource that allows people to learn/pick up code on their own.

## Repertoire:

### Tools:

- Strudel.cc
- Hydra
- Flok.cc
- FoxDot / TidalCycles / Sonic Pi
- OBS, VJ tools, Projection Mapping Software

### Languages:

- Syntax tailor specifically to the coding "platform".
- short, Time-orientated words.

### Workflows:

- Live looping and raw code in front of ppl.
- Collaborative coding sessions with other ppl.

## Values:

I guess the community values collaborative coding jam sessions, where errors, flaws are transparent to the audience and listeners. I guess this community is very collabrative with each other.

# Task 2; discussion question:

**How does live coding (as a form of music, art, and performance) affect why young people want to learn, how they're taught, what people talk about, and what laws might be relevant?**

## How it may affect young people?

I guess completely from an outsider's prespective coding in-general feels like a very inaccessible form of technology. Personally, I feel like most people are very daunted by the fancy technical terms of coding. With the event of live coding, and the Internet/online spaces. I feel like this makes "coding" as a whole more digestible and "market-able" to a certain extent to the general public.

And also due to the transparency of the live coding community, people see "coding" less of an incomprehensible black box and more of something that is achieve-able.

[Top ⬆︎](#)
