---
title: Week 8 (Thurs) Homework
published_at: 2025-05-10
snippet: This is homework 8b.
disable_html_sanitization: true
allow_math: true
---

[Home](https://cclanchublo6.deno.dev/)

# Table Of Contents:

1. [Task 1](#task-1)
2. [Task 2](#task-2)
   - [Live Coding Community](#live-coding-community)
     - [Domain](#domain)
     - [Repertoire](#repertoire)
     - [Values](#values)
   - [Task 2; discussion questions](#task-2-discussion-questions)
     - [How it may affect young people?](#how-it-may-affect-young-people)
     - [How coding is taught](#how-coding-is-taught)
     - [Discourse / Public Debate](#discourse--public-debate)
     - [Legislation](#legislation)

# Task 1:

Here's the video for task 1:

<iframe 
    id="strudel" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/fBIFgN9v0LI"
    title="YouTube video player" 
    frameborder="0" 
    width="100%"
    height="400"
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

<script type="module">
    const iframe = document.getElementById('strudel')
    const updateDimensions = () => {
        iframe.width = iframe.parentNode.scrollWidth
        iframe.height = iframe.width * 9 / 16
    }
    
    updateDimensions()
    window.addEventListener('resize', updateDimensions)
</script>

# Task 2:

If I am going to be real with you there is no specific thing that I found the most interesting. The most specificially interesting thing/fun thing to do within the above video is experiementing on the fly with different instruments within flok.cc.

# Live Coding Community:

## Domain:

Well I guess things are **live** so, the community's shared interest would be any performative, abstract that allows performers to combine, experiement, and perform visuals and sound through algorithms. Their shared interest would be any "library" and or online shared resource that allows people to learn/pick up code on their own.

## Repertoire:

### Tools:

- Strudel.cc
- Hydra
- Flok.cc
- FoxDot / TidalCycles / Sonic Pi
- OBS, VJ tools, Projection Mapping Software

### Languages:

- Syntax tailor specifically to the coding "platform".
- short, Time-orientated words.

### Workflows:

- Live looping and raw code in front of ppl.
- Collaborative coding sessions with other ppl.

## Values:

I guess the community values collaborative coding jam sessions, where errors, flaws are transparent to the audience and listeners. I guess this community is very collabrative with each other.

# Task 2; discussion questions:

**How does live coding (as a form of music, art, and performance) affect why young people want to learn, how they're taught, what people talk about, and what laws might be relevant?**

## How it may affect young people?

I guess completely from an outsider's prespective coding in-general feels like a very inaccessible form of technology. Personally, I feel like most people are very daunted by the fancy technical terms of coding. With the advent of performative live coding art/music, and the Internet/online spaces. I feel like this makes "coding" as a whole more digestible and "market-able" to a certain extent to the general public and therefore to younger people.

And also due to the transparency of the live coding community, people see "coding" less of an incomprehensible black box and more of something that is achieve-able.

## How coding is taught:

I feel like in terms of coding you have the _✨maths✨_, and that's taught more technically in degrees in engineering & computer science. But I feel as more people understand code in general both as a form of performative art and technology, I feel like more people will learn that "coding" can be also taught creatively as well as technically.

## Discourse / Public Debate:

I feel like with the advent of LLM and machine learning in generative art. A lot of people question if _"computery"_ art is actual art. To those who might not be the most knowledge-able in computers and machinery they might look at "live coding" and or artworks (music or visual) generated by algorithms as a form of _"false"._ Its sort of like:

> "What is makes true art **true art?**"
> "Can an artist be called an artist if they don't physically in the traditional sense produce out of their hands?"
> "Is the algorithm/machine the artist?"

Personally, as an artist who started out more in traditional art, using A.I. in the creative process feels like cheating. But I'm not against using A.I. as long as you use it ethically.

> "A.I. is like a knife, you can either use it to prepare beautifully cut sashimi or to murder a person."

## Legislation:

Copilot says, the following about legislation:

> "**Copyright:** Who owns the copyright to code created during a live coding performance? What about samples or libraries used in the code?

> **Intellectual Property:** Are there any patent issues related to live coding tools or techniques?

> **Licensing:** Do live coders need licenses to perform in public spaces or to use certain software?

> **Accessibility:** Are there any legal requirements to make live coding performances accessible to people with disabilities?

> **Data privacy:** If live coding involves collecting or processing personal data, are there any privacy laws that need to be considered?

> **Fair use/Fair dealing:** How do copyright exceptions like fair use or fair dealing apply to live coding?

Honestly, I'm going to use the bot's points as a jumping of point. I feel like the issue with live coding has the same issue as A.I. and generative art. In terms of all the copyright laws, and who owns the A.I. generated content. I would say no-one, in the case of live coding its a bit different because someone actually physically made the art. So I would say it belongs to those who has created the art.

But I feel like the art would be better as a "culture" if it were to be left in the public domain, I personally feel the best art, whether it be a story, a podcast or any form of media comes from content that can be grabbed from the creative commons.[^1]

[Top ⬆︎](#)

[^1]: On a side note, the idea of putting stuff into the creative commons for others to adapt and remix is very socialist/communist and or more left-leaning. Honestly, art can be very radical sometimes. More power to those who want their voices to be heard. 👍🏻
